Blogging.
So when we get inside update manager of the sphere we have some even try help you can't check it to
different events happen for the update manager like information about the update.
That can happen etc. but it's not to be envious of this mother chicken communication cannot be complex
because Chick much or vocation didn't complete.
That's why we have a neuro chickenshit equation that we're not.
But divination had successfully download Haast definition of Partch etc..
So this is the difference.
Even right here we have some notification about the update.
If you have an investigation then we have to manage the target setting of the Update Manager.
So we have a sitting host busline the host is like a the host profile that we see in the preview.
This is for the updates.
Then we have the M the butterfly patch opposites really excite image and the spare appliance upgrade
this for the VCR upgrade.
We don't use it frequently.
It's only about the sphere appliance to get the updates for the appliance.
Then we have some other tape right hand.
So let's go check them one by one let's start.
We do patch replicate.
So do we find the different page of the update.
So we heard the name of the fate update is X based update.
Driver is exposed to light is X5.
And so on and so on.
Ald. updates available about do environments then you see the product is embedded is x 6 and 5 et cetera
of course.
Pait updated automatically from the VM Where do release date.
So this is a very old version this is 4 x 5.
That's mean if you use it 6 i 5 want 5 in your environment.
This update is available to attache to do I file.
Of course if we go we we've found that updates for the Isak's II 6.5 and so on.
So the different updates is available of course in revetments.
You can just click on download to download a different date available to get the updates from them or
if you don't have a connection there to do the center server.
You can download the defendant's page manually.
Then you import the page manually right here by click on this one.
Then you need to do page file writer to update the different page procedurally in this one.
So how do you get different information about do updates.
Of course you can show parts about it.
For example if we go to explain five like this one for example this one we want to know this one is
about what we click show page.
Did they give you a quick or view about it.
Did it give you this Lankester check.
More details about these updates.
Then day release dates the description for more of our mission see this line.
So here is this link.
These were E6 eyes 6.5 Bache.
Really I do a number of updates etc..
It's about X net tree then information about it.
It's a bug face the Buche.
Civility is important.
That's me.
This is an important update.
To Robert way.
Yes that's me.
It's a quite to reboot the host virtual machine migration or shut down yes that's mean you need to migrate
to your machine or shut down to your machine.
That's because you need to reboot the halls So automatically you need to migrate or shut down the virtual
machine.
But sometimes the host does not need to reboot but the division machine will be shutdown to apply these
updates.
So fix it hardware.
No it's not really but fix the software and glue.
This is the view that would be included and so on and so on.
Shimada Yes but they do it in VM x 3 et cetera.
So any I think we'll find data about it.
For example the driver click right here we check the Web sites and so on and so on.
So if you have internet you simply click download and will download all the data about the updates available
in your environment etc..